[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's talk about Exercise 4.
Let's start from the bottom.
Let's say that we wanna tag our strings so
we want to put upper in front of it.
Our expressions need to look like this.
So we're going to say $.
And then $.
And then $, is it ?
Yeah.
So there's our string literal.
It needs to match this particular string,
so
you can see it needs to be able to pull
in those and uppercase the values.
So let's do that,
let's write a tag function to do that.
We start out with an empty string.
We do a for loop.
>> Kyle Simpson: We say if (i > 0)
meaning I'm dealing with the the values,
I wanna add, concatenate onto
the string values of [i- 1] but
I want to call toUpperCase on it.
And then I want to add it strings of i and
return my string.
Let's test it and see if that worked.
>> Kyle Simpson: And we got true.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
there's our tag function.
>> Kyle Simpson: Questions
about exercise four?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Audience member: I was trying to use
map and sort of a for loop but
I couldn't get it to work.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay so map, this isn't
the functional class but since you
brought it up, map is for taking a list of
things going to another list of things.
That's not quite what we wanna do here.
We wanna go from a list of things
down to one concrete value
which is the reduce operator.
And you could have done this
with reduce if you wanted to.
The only trick with doing this with reduce
that's one of those cases because reduce
isn't built to go over two lists and we're
technically traversing two lists here.
If you did it that way you'd
technically be doing an impure reducer.
So you probably wanna wrap that
up in some special pure utility.
If you really wanna be like, if you don't
want the FP police to come after you.
>> Kyle Simpson: But
you can do it with Redux.
>> Kyle Simpson: [COUGH]
>> Kyle Simpson: Other questions?
>> Kyle Simpson: You may not
author a lot of these yourself.
You might wanna just tweak them
maybe every once in a while.
But I would definitely
recommend go search on GitHub,
you'll find several different repos of
libraries where people have collected
together useful preexisting ones.
You don't need to reinvent your own logic.
Several good ones out there.